# Moto-M-Moto-s-Latest-Device-for-You
Moto is coming up once again with a device that might feature something more at a mid-range smartphone price. But, does it really fulfil what it needs to do for the users? We are about to find out through this article where the Moto M specifications will be discussed one by one to let you know what we think about this upcoming device. Will it truly fulfil its work by giving us a powerful device, or will it be just one of those phones that pack in features by copying from other high-end brands?  Design and Display: When it comes to the body of the Moto M, it might look similar to many smartphones coming up these day. Full metal body, with finger print sensor on the back. This common design may either impress you or may not. But, you do get a robust body. Moreover, it comes in three colour variants, namely – gold, silver and grey. The device also has a Dolby Atmos sound enhancement speaker on the side and active noise cancellation mic as for better recording as well. A 3.5 mm jack is also provided on the body.  If we talk about its display, then the Moto M features a 5.5-inch Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen display with 16 M colours. The 163g body features 401 ppi pixel density with 1080x1920 pixels. Using the device, we found that its multi touch features on the screen are quite good and the user is rarely going to find any lags. The company made sure that they offer a larger screen for the audience so that they may play their favourite games or watch media files with an immersive experience.  Performance: Moto’s devices are usually either mid-ranged or high-ranged. This mid-ranged device comprises of a Qualcomm MSM8952 Snapdragon 617 chipset that is good for running high-end games and hi-resolution videos. An, Octa-core processing power comprising of 4 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 and 4 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53 are added to ensure that multitasking is smooth on the device. An Adreno 405 graphics chipset is also added to render the best of graphics.  Software: Moto M offers Android v6.0.1 (Marshmallow) which is not the newest but still is able to run the latest of applications and games. It also offers updates for the OS, and we might expect an update for this device in the future as well. UI of the device is standard Android one with a little bit of Moto’s own features and apps.  Camera and Storage: Moto M sports a 16 MP rear camera with f/2.0 aperture and phase detection autofocus feature. This great camera is supported with dual LED flash as well. A number of features are available in the camera settings such as geo-tagging, face detection, touch focus, panorama, auto HDR. The pixel size of the snapped images is 16 µm. An 8 MP front camera is also provided which is decent enough to click selfies. This front camera offers a sensor size of ¼” and can snap at 1.12 µm pixel size.  The maximum recording quality of the primary camera is 1080@30 fps. Those who are looking for 4K video shooting get ready to be disappointed as this device does not support 4K.  Storage options in Moto smartphones are not a problem. You not only get a great device with decent internal storage of 32 GB and 64 GB but also get an expandable option of up to 256 GB. But, this expandable slot will have to be compromised with the secondary sim slot present in the mobile. The 32 GB version comes with 3 GB of RAM. The 64 GB variant comes with 4 GB of RAM.  Battery and Connectivity: Moto is known for its good quality battery performance. And, with a non-removable 3050 mAh battery in the device, it could be said that the Moto M is favourable with its battery life. The addition of a Super AMOLED capacitive touch display ensured that the device uses less power for its bright and colourful screen. Testing on the use of its power has been done, and we can say that it covered up the full day on one complete charge. However, users may have to charge it by the end of the day.  Connectivity options on the device comprise of GPS with A-GPS, BDS, GLONASS, Bluetooth v4.1, LE, A2DP, Wi-Fi Direct, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Mobile hotspot, dual-band, USB On-The-Go and USB Type-C 1.0 reversible connector. The list of sensors on the device are – gyro, compass, accelerometer, fingerprint, and proximity.  The Verdict: It might be a little hard to tell about the performance and features of the device. You do find most of these features in many devices present today. But, it does offer them at a decent price. The expected Moto M price in India is Rs. 19,990. Looking at these features, we can say that they are quite good, and people can expect a decent battery life performance as well. But, will it stick to the performance efficiency? We will soon find out after the device hits the stores. 
